Tenki no Ko quick review

Let me start this review by saying 天気の子/Tenki no Ko/Weathering With You was a great movie. I was just finish watching it an hour before writing this, so i believe that i still have a fresh memory of the movie. First let’s start with what Shinkai Makoto’s famous for, the art. The art was- as always, incredible, putting it (for me) at the top of every anime’s art. It feels like anime but at the same time feels real. Where in Kimi no Nawa Shinkai Makoto shows a lot of natural objects like mountains and forest, and a little bit of cities, in Tenki no Ko there’s more city and rains like Kotonohoa no niwa. Tbh, i like this one better. Also one more thing, when the scene is raining you can really feel the cold. Same thing as the scene when the sun is up, it does feel hot. Second is the sound. Tbr, the rain sounds very realistic, and sounded even more realistic with Dolby 7.1 speaker. And for me, Radwimps + Shinkai Makoto’s masterpiece is the best duo. Nothing can beat it. Third is the character. The part that i hate the most in every movie is when it’s nearing the end but you still can’t think like how the MC thinks. It shows that the characterization is not deep. Compared to Kimi no Nawa tho, Tenki no Ko shows more connection between MC and side characters. For the last is the Story. As almost every Shinkai Makoto’s movie, this one also had the same formula as the other. Character Introduction, MC and Heroine met, they got along, problem, fix it, ends. It’s not wrong to do things this way, but c’mon, you can do better sensei. Like some people also said, this movie clearly had “My last movie was a big success, if I make my next movie just like it, it’ll do just as good” written on it. Don’t get the wrong idea. It is a great movie, but not as great as Your Name. The story has a very good and unique concept. The idea of a big city like Tokyo being struck under a constant rain for 3 straight years is very new to me (i didn’t even think that a big city can handle that). Compared to other Shinkai Makoto’s movie, this one is a little bit more predictable. But still like other Shinkai Makoto’s movies, there will be a lot of part that'll make you grin as if you’re part of the group. Overall the movie was incredible, and if you watch it at the cinema filled with Shinkai Makoto’s fan, you will laugh and scream together in every scene. Definitely going to watch it a couple more times while it’s still at the cinema. One out of some things that i learn from this movie was with ego, humans can do everything.